英语自我介绍：

Good morning(afternoon), dear teachers. I am very glad to be here for your interview. My name is zhaoxing, 22 years old. I come from Guangyuan, a beautiful city in the north of Sichuan province. And I have graduate from Sichuan Agriculture University. My major is Computer science And Technology. Four-years study in computer department gives me all-round knowledge and improve my programming ability.

In the past two years, I have been preparing for the postgraduate examination. Generally speaking, I am a hard-working student. I will try my best to finish my aim no matter how difficult it is. So, when I realized my professional knowledge and practical skills is not enough, I decided to go on for further education with persistence.

Then, I have consulted my friends and searched the information on the Internet. I find that Guangxi University has many excellent and responsible teachers. Moreover, there has a very strong academic atmosphere and high social evaluation. Meanwhile, Nanning is a beautiful city which known as green city because of its large forest coverage, beautiful scenery and comfortable living environment. Thus, I really want to be a student here to get better development and further study.

If luckily I got the chance to learn Computer science And Technology in Guangxi University, I will concentrate on the study and research in this field. First I will hard to learn the theoritical knowledge, combining them with some practical work. And through this, I can absorb professional knowledge faster that cannot just be acquired from the textbooks. I believe I will get a bigger promotion after 3 years in Guangxi University.

 

主要问题：家乡、家庭、爱好、未来计划、为什么选择本校、考研原因、本科大学、喜欢啥书（为啥喜欢）、偶像（为什么喜欢）、最想去的地方和原因、最难忘的一件事

 

 

hobbies（爱好）:

I am a person who dabbles in a wide range of hobbies, including reading, jogging, and visiting museums.

Among these hobbies, I like jogging the most.

The first reason is quite self-explanatory.

It’s good for my health, and I reckon that good health is the foundation of a quality life.

The second reason lies in its mental benefit.

Particularly, it is my belief that perseverance is the prerequisite of success.

During the process of jogging, one continues to push themselves to limits.

It’s not only limits of body strength but also willpower.

Therefore, the sense of achievement is huge afterwards. Very pressure-releasing.

That’s also partly why it’s my favorite hobby.

 

hometown（家乡）:

First of all, thank you for the question.

I come from chengdu an inland city in the southwestern part of China, chengdu has a lot of cultural heritages among which I love Sichuan cuisine the most.

There are also a lot of prominent people from chengdu, for example Li Bing and Du Fu, who are certainly inspirations when it comes to fulfilling one’s potential and answering one’s calling.

I love my hometown, but it doesn’t mean I have to stay there all the time.

I believe that when you’re young you should travel around and expand your horizons.

So, maybe one day I can return here and build my hometown with my own knowledge and skills that I will have accumulated.

I believe one day I can be an asset to Chengdu too.

Thank you.